NEW: Default jobs / queue type configuration. (#365)
silverstripe-australia/silverstripe-queuedjobs: docs/en/default-jobs.md

          recreate: 1
          # Set the email address to send the alert to if not set site admin email is used OPTIONAL
          email: 'admin@example.com'
          # Make this job specific to only certain queue type (see QueuedJob interface)

>           queue: 1 # This would make this job be picked up only by Immediate queue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          jobType: 2 # This would make this job be picked up only by the QUEUED queue
```

Rather than use `queue` which matches the variable `$queue`, I think we should using `jobType` key as it matches the interface

**QueuedJob.php**
```php
    /**
     * What type of job is this? Options are
     * - QueuedJob::IMMEDIATE
     * - QueuedJob::QUEUED
     * - QueuedJob::LARGE
     */
    public function getJobType();
```

Also I think we should change the value in the readme from `1` to `2` (and the corresponding comment) because that's the queue that gets run on `vendor/bin/sake dev/tasks/ProcessJobQueueTask`, so it's much easier for user to validate that this is working.
